alright so this is my first attempt to
capture the leader gameplay here looks
like I'm waiting to play you must only
get one death per round or something I
capture and defend I see
oh yeah
yes I defended the guy we got it
what ya alright so all you gotta do is
kidnap the enemy leader and hold them
for a certain amount of time I looked at
a whole enemy opposing team dropped
that's good you will continue to fight
for your pudding until this war is hell
so let you familiar with this
ah
yeah guess he shit
Oh baby
explosion gap adoption of three
hey
Rockhold training with a bball you're
gonna die we got this shit voucher
drought though I don't let me drop on
the begin with that sucks just stuffing
creature is it disgusting teach you
we're good just hold them this is it
this is a great map for this there's
like no ways in there's no way for them
to get in here yet we want
Oh took our leader will buckle win
no snuck does rashidi covered look those
some shitty cover it's in there
me
holy shit
I was going on the plot
my boy
distracted the hell are those funny I'm
gonna run away like a bitch damn Casey
ship here you go and smoke bucks right
that's the sandstorm on this level i
forgot about the sandstorm
can you like though ok I have no idea
what happened it was a massive mortar
explosion
oh come on man the instant death is
fucking stupid
we all die too we all die 21 mortar
explosion that's fair
that's bullshit that was all cause of
one attacked by one dude he killed a
whore fucking team with one mortar what
the fuck that's ridiculous fight feel
clean do you hear me shut up bitch
fuck out of my way you idiot reminds me
god damn it boy enemy team comes around
the corner at the same time
what the hell are you miss come on man
wha okay takes too long to respond
this
today it takes so long the fucking
respawn it's like wow you die once okay
you're out of that whole round all right
well I'll get better it's gonna figure
out what's the best strategy in this